Use RedCloth GitHub instead of an expired domain (#50262)
rails/rails: guides/source/security.md

### Textile Injection

If you want to provide text formatting other than HTML (due to security), use a mark-up language which is converted to HTML on the server-side. [RedCloth](https://github.com/jgarber/redcloth) is such a language for Ruby, but without precautions, it is also vulnerable to XSS.

> For example, RedCloth translates `_test_` to `<em>test<em>`, which makes the text italic. However, up to the current version 3.0.4, it is still vulnerable to XSS. Get the [all-new version 4](https://github.com/jgarber/redcloth) that removed serious bugs. However, even that version has [some security bugs](https://rorsecurity.info/journal/2008/10/13/new-redcloth-security.html), so the countermeasures still apply. Here is an example for version 3.0.4:

Reviewer: Version 4 is from 2009, so I don't think it's that new and we can update the content 😄 :
```suggestion
For example, RedCloth translates `_test_` to `<em>test<em>`, which makes the text italic. However, RedCloth doesn’t filter unsafe html tags by default:
```
